# AA-Tracker
# Overview
This a GoogleAnalytics like application where you are able to track your total page views per URL and page views per URL over a time interval.
# Server Types
The application is written in ReacJS for front end server, Golang for back end server and Sqlite database implemented with GORM.
# Database Design
The database includes 4 tables:
*  Users table which is used for authentication which has id column as primary key and serves as a foreign key in registered_websites table.
*  The Registered_websites table has a unique_id column that serves as the primary key which is also a foreign key for both track_statuses table and paths table. Unique_id allows us to query the database for page views for registered websites and also allows us to find each websites paths.
*  The paths table allows us to render each domain with their corresponding paths using the unique_id as a foreign key.
*  Thetrack_statuses table creates a record with the unique_id and path whenever a page has been viewed allowing us to grab total page views per path and page views over a period of time by using the created_at column generated by gorm.Model attribute.
# Link to Demo Video
This is [a demo video ](https://youtu.be/YH7ho0Pck5Q) showing the functionalities of the application .
# How to Run
Set up the back end server by doing the following:

    $cd tracker

    $ go get -u github.com/gin-contrib/cors
    $ go get -u github.com/gin-gonic/gin
    $ go get -u github.com/gin-contrib/cors
    $ go get -u github.com/gin-gonic/gin
    $ go get -u github.com/jinzhu/gorm
    $ go get -u github.com/jinzhu/gorm/dialects/sqlite
    $ go get -u github.com/rs/xid
    $ go get -u golang.org/x/crypto/bcrypt
After installing all the dependencies you may run the Golang server.
  
    $ go run main.go

Then we can start the react server by executing the following code:

    $ cd my-app
    $ npm install
    $ npm start